Noting ILB ASE are not natively supported (#73416)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/functions-bindings-event-grid-trigger.md

For information on setup and configuration details, see the [overview](./functions-bindings-event-grid.md).

> [!NOTE]

> > Eventgrid triggers are not natively supported in ILB App Service Environments (ASE). The trigger uses an HTTP request that cannot reach the function app without a gateway into the VNET.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Event Grid triggers are not natively supported in Internal Load Balancer (ILB) App Service Environments (ASE). The trigger uses an HTTP request that cannot reach the function app without a gateway into the VNET.
```
